---
description: >-
  With Attributes or URL Parameters you can customize the meeting experience for
  each individual user after the room has been created.
---

# Using Attributes/URL Params

Attributes can be used on Whereby's pre-built Web Component by adding them to the \<whereby-embed> element.&#x20;

{% hint style="info" %}
Note that Attributes and URL Parameters are _only_ compatible with Whereby's pre-built UI and will not work with the React SDK.
{% endhint %}

For example, the following component would open the room with the screenshare and people buttons hidden:

<pre class="language-html" data-overflow="wrap" data-line-numbers><code class="lang-html">&#x3C;whereby-embed 
<strong>    room="https://subdomain.whereby.com/your_room?roomKey=3fe345a"
</strong>    screenshare=off
    people=off
/>
</code></pre>

URL Parameters are used with an iframe implementation and appended directly to the roomUrl. Several parameters can be combined by using the ampersand symbol (&).&#x20;

For instance, the following iframe implementation uses URL parameters to disable the screenshare and people buttons:

{% code overflow="wrap" lineNumbers="true" %}
```html
<iframe 
    src="https://subdomain.whereby.com/room?screenshare=off&people=off"
    allow="camera; microphone; fullscreen; display-capture; autoplay; compute-pressure"
/>
```
{% endcode %}

## Attributes/URL parameters reference



<table data-full-width="true"><thead><tr><th>Attribute/Param</th><th>Description</th><th>Notes</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><code>aec=off</code></td><td>Turn off acoustic echo cancellation on audio, useful in situations where higher quality audio is important like in music lessons</td><td>AEC must be on in order to use the in room "Noise Reduction" feature.</td></tr><tr><td><code>agc=off</code></td><td>Turn off automatic gain control on audio</td><td>AGC must be on in order to use the in room "Noise Reduction" feature.</td></tr><tr><td><code>audio=off</code></td><td>Participant joins the room with microphone turned off.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td><code>audioDenoiser=&#x3C;on|off></code></td><td>Enables/Disables the noise cancelation feature</td><td>Can increase CPU load, particularly for older/slower devices</td></tr><tr><td><code>autoHideSelfView</code></td><td>Automatically hide the self view in the bottom right</td><td>Floating the self view to the bottom right is required in order to hide the self view. Must be used with <strong>floatSelf</strong> for this feature to work</td></tr><tr><td><code>autoSpotlight</code></td><td>Automatically spotlight the local participant on room join</td><td>Only works when the participant joining has host privileges.</td></tr><tr><td><code>avatarUrl=&#x3C;url></code></td><td>Set the profile avatar of participant.</td><td>Images must be a square .png or .jpg, maximum of 64pxx64px<br><br>The image URL must be listed in the <a href="broken-reference/">allowed domains</a> section of the dashboard. The image URL must be https and cannot contain query params.</td></tr><tr><td><code>background=off</code></td><td>Hide the room background.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td><code>bottomToolbar=&#x3C;on|off></code></td><td>Show/hide the entire bottom toolbar.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td><code>breakout=&#x3C;on|off></code></td><td>Show/hide the breakout room feature for the meeting host.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td><code>callQualityMonitoring=&#x3C;on|off></code></td><td>Show/hide the <a href="../../meeting-content-and-quality/insights-suite-and-api/real-time-troubleshooting.md#meeting-diagnostics">meeting diagnostics</a> button, sidebar, and indicators</td><td>The rooms top toolbar is required to use the meeting diagnostics feature. </td></tr><tr><td><code>cameraAccess=&#x3C;on|off></code></td><td>Camera permissions are not requested or used at all. On by default.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td><code>cameraEffect=&#x3C;effect></code></td><td>Set default camera effect to be used. Still user changeable. </td><td><strong>Values:</strong> <code>slight-blur</code>, <code>blur</code>, <code>image-cabin</code>, <code>image-concrete</code>, <code>image-brick</code>, <code>image-sunrise</code>, <code>image-day</code>, <code>image-night</code></td></tr><tr><td><code>chat=&#x3C;on|off></code></td><td>Show/hide the chat button</td><td></td></tr><tr><td><code>chatDownload=&#x3C;on|off></code></td><td>Allows you to download the chat transcript from a session once it's finished</td><td>This will only enable the chat download functionality for the user that has this parameter included in their url</td></tr><tr><td><code>displayName=&#x3C;name></code></td><td>Set display name of participant</td><td>Supports <strong>any characters except code characters <code>$!&#x3C;>:;</code></strong> and can be <strong>up to 100 characters long</strong>. Strings not in this format will be rejected and the user will be prompted to enter a different display name instead.</td></tr><tr><td><code>externalId=&#x3C;id></code></td><td>A custom identifier for the participant. Gets saved in Insights data</td><td>Supports <strong>alphanumeric characters</strong> (<code>A-Za-z0-9-_</code>) and can be <strong>up to 36 characters long</strong>. Strings not in this format will be rejected and return an error. We recommend the UUID v4 format.</td></tr><tr><td><code>floatSelf</code></td><td>Float the self view to the bottom right</td><td></td></tr><tr><td><code>groups=Orange,Banana,Coconut</code></td><td>Predefine up to 20 groups for the breakout groups function.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td><code>lang=&#x3C;code></code></td><td>Set the room UI language.</td><td>Czech <code>cs</code>, Chinese (Traditional) <code>zh-hant</code>, Danish <code>da</code>, Dutch <code>nl</code>, English <code>en</code>, French <code>fr</code>, German <code>de</code>, Greek <code>el</code>, Hindi <code>hi</code>, Hungarian <code>hu</code>, Italian <code>it</code>, Japanese <code>jp</code>, Norwegian <code>nb</code>,  Portuguese <code>pt</code>, Polish <code>pl</code>, or Spanish <code>es</code></td></tr><tr><td><code>leaveButton=&#x3C;on|off></code></td><td>Show/hide the leave button.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td><code>localization=&#x3C;on|off></code></td><td>Show/hide the language picker</td><td>Hiding the localization options means the user will not be able to change their language preference.</td></tr><tr><td><code>locking=off</code></td><td>Hide the room lock button.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td><code>logo=off</code></td><td>Hide the logo in the room header.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td><code>lowData=&#x3C;on|off></code></td><td>Use a lower resolution by default</td><td></td></tr><tr><td><code>metadata=&#x3C;string></code></td><td>Gets passed on to the corresponding webhooks.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td><code>minimal</code></td><td>Applies a minimal UI. Turns off all controls except for cam and mic.</td><td><p><strong>Hidden items:</strong> Status bar, chat, screensharing, leave button, and Whereby’s branding<br></p><p><strong>Shown items:</strong> Video, audio, and people buttons</p></td></tr><tr><td><code>moreButton=off</code></td><td>Hide the more [...] button.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td><code>participantCount=off</code></td><td>Hide the participant counter.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td><code>people=off</code></td><td>Hide the people button.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td><code>pipButton=off</code></td><td>Hide the Picture in Picture button.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td><code>precallCeremony=&#x3C;on|off></code></td><td>Determines if users see the pre-call device and connectivity test</td><td>This feature is a subset of the Pre-call review. This means in order for the pre-call tests to appear, pre-call cannot be turned off.</td></tr><tr><td><code>precallCeremonyCanSkip=on</code></td><td>Adds functionality for participants to skip the connectivity test</td><td>This feature is a subset of the Pre-call review. This means in order for the pre-call tests to appear, pre-call cannot be turned off.</td></tr><tr><td><code>precallPermissionHelpLink=&#x3C;url></code></td><td>Specify custom help link in pre-call review step pointing users to additional support pages</td><td></td></tr><tr><td><code>precallReview=&#x3C;on|off></code></td><td>Determines if users see the pre-call review step.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td><code>roomIntegrations=on</code></td><td>Enables YouTube and Miro integrations in the meeting</td><td>It is recommended you do testing to verify these integrations behave as expected before releasing to your users.</td></tr><tr><td><code>screenshare=&#x3C;on|off></code></td><td>Show/hide the screenshare button.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td><code>settingsButton=off</code></td><td>Hide the settings button.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td><code>skipMediaPermissionPrompt</code></td><td>Skips the request permissions UI and asks for devices</td><td></td></tr><tr><td><code>subgridLabels=&#x3C;on|off></code></td><td>Enable name labels for participants in the subgrid</td><td></td></tr><tr><td><code>timer=&#x3C;on|off></code></td><td>Show/hide the meeting timer.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td><code>toolbarDarkText</code></td><td>Sets button icon labels color to black.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td><code>topToolbar=&#x3C;on|off></code></td><td>Show/hide the entire top toolbar.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td><code>video=off</code></td><td>Participant joins the room with camera turned off.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td><code>virtualBackgroundUrl=&#x3C;url></code></td><td>Specify custom virtual background which should be applied to the local participant</td><td>The image must be provided in <strong>1280x720</strong> resolution in either <code>image/jpeg</code> or <code>image/png</code> format. In addition, the image should be retrievable using CORS.</td></tr></tbody></table>
